>> Paul DeBettignies: Code every damn day.
I'm going to add damn,
code every damn day.
>> Paul DeBettignies: I don't code, I
mentioned this to you 12 days ago, right?
But I know that coding is a muscle
that you have to use every damn day.
I see it with folks who
like go through boot camps a lot, they've
been through a 14 week intensive course.
They end it on a Friday,
they wake up Monday morning and
they're completely like, what do I do now?
Because for 14 weeks someone was in
their head telling them what to do, and
that's fantastic, and it's great.
You gotta go do your job now and
you gotta keep working on your project and
you gotta find a nonprofit to work with
and you gotta try find it, every damn day.
So work on your own projects.
If you can't come up with a, you have to
find a project of your own that's going to
carry you through the days when you can't
figure out if something works or not.
Your own thing will carry you
more than almost anything else.
Go find an open source project
you can contribute online.
You want to learn how to code fast?
Do it with a bunch of people
that know what they're doing.
They will take you on if you're
honest about what your skill and
ability is, what it is.
Find an open source project
you're jacked up about.
So now you're willing to put in the extra
free time cuz you're volunteering.
>> Paul DeBettignies: But now you're
putting that on your portfolio and
website, you're putting that on
LinkedIn and you tweeted out about it,
because you're working with that
super cool developer from Netflix.
>> Paul DeBettignies: Is how
you make this go faster.
Volunteer with a nonprofit.